# Anomalous Sound Detection
## Algorithmic Machine Learning - Challenge 2
Anomalous Sound Detection (ASD) is the task to identify whether the sound emitted from a target machine is normal or anomalous. This task tackles prompt detection of machine anomaly by observing its sounds, which results to be crucial for machine condition monitoring. The ultimate challenge lies in identifying anomalous sounds, under the hypothesis that only normal sound samples have been provided as training data. Indeed, in real-world factories, actual anomalous sounds rarely occur and are highly diverse, hence exhaustive patterns of anomalous sounds are impossible to deliberately make and/or collect. This leads to  the detection of unknown anomalous sounds that were not observed in the provided training data. Given normal sound samples of some machine IDs, the objective is to build a model which can be used to predict whether an unknown sound, which belongs to one of the given machine IDs in the training dataset, is normal or anomalous. Such a scenario, in which labeled anomaly data is unavailable, requires generative models rather than discriminative or clustering methods. This is due to their capability to infer by learning the underlying probability distribution of the training data, hence allowing to capture the patterns and structures of the data. This succeeds in differentiating between normal and anomalous instances, rather than grouping similar instances together without explicitly modeling the data distribution as in clustering, or focusing on learning decision boundaries as in discriminative approaches.
